Sandbox patch rpc doc (#759)
near/docs: docs/api/rpc.md

</p>
</details>

---

## Sandbox

> RPCs in this section are only available on the local sandbox node.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<blockquote class="warning">
<strong>heads up</strong><br><br>

RPC endpoints in this section are ***only*** available on the local sandbox node.

</blockquote>
```
